{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.rdoc","tooltip":"/postit-template/README.rdoc","value":"== Getting Started\n\n1. Make sure you have rails version 4. Type \"rails -v\" to make sure.\n2. From this project directory, do \"bundle install --without production\"\n3. To start the server \"rails server\".\n4. Navigate your browser to localhost:3000.\n\n\n== Setting up with Git\n\n1. Instantiate this directory as a git repository with \"git init\".\n2. Go to github.com, create a new repository, then follow instructions on how to add a remote repository that links to github.\n3. Remember, you have to \"git add\" changes to ready it for a commit, then \"git commit\" to commit those changes locally, then \"git push origin master\" to push it to the remote \"origin\" repository, which is the previously created github.com repository.\n\n== Deploying to Heroku\n\n1. Download the Heroku Toolbelt.\n2. Go to Heroku.com and register.\n3. Issue \"heroku login\" to authenticate, with the credentials from previous step. Make sure it's a git repository, by issuing \"git init\", and also \"git add\", \"git commit\" your files.\n4. Then \"heroku create\" to create this app on heroku. This command also adds a \"heroku\" remote repository that you can push to.\n5. To deploy, issue \"git push heroku master\".\n6. You may need to run migrations on heroku afterwards, with \"heroku run rake db:migrate\".\n7. Other helpful heroku commands:\n  - heroku logs\n  - heroku logs -t\n  - heroku rename\n  - heroku restart\n  - heroku run console\n  - heroku help\n  \n  Assignment: User model\n\nSame as the Post model, except the User model should have a username column of type string.\n\n","undoManager":{"mark":-1,"position":2,"stack":[[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":28,"column":15},"end":{"row":29,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]},{"start":{"row":29,"column":0},"end":{"row":29,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["  "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":29,"column":2},"end":{"row":30,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":0},"end":{"row":30,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["  "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":30,"column":2},"end":{"row":32,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":["Assignment: User model","","Same as the Post model, except the User model should have a username column of type string."]}]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":32,"column":34},"end":{"row":32,"column":91},"isBackwards":true},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1420175964192}